All I Know Lyrics
Bolo

Woah-oh-woah, all I know is fast money and homicide (Homicide)
I see no way so I grind (So I grind)
Tell me what you would do if your life was just like mine
You would've found another way
But yet, you say we aren’t the same, but why? (But why?)
Why-y? (It's Blood Money, baby)
Started at the bottom, no I ain’t got no worries
Gucci, Fendi, Prada, that’s all my bitch wearin'
I’m industry, you in the street, ain’t no comparin'
My Rolex got your bitch wet 'cause she keep on starin'
I’m swaggin' on these bitches, stuntin' on these niggas
For all the hard time, I’m pourin' a lil' liquor
My brother locked down, and I can’t go visit
Convicted felon, so all I can do is sent pictures
Hit—hit—hit the club and ball, me and my closet dog
We do it for real, we don't fake Instagram pics, nigga, like y’all
White—white—white diamonds no flaw, L—L—Lamborghini, no top
I’m ridin' with a China doll, and she ain’t on no drawers

Woah-oh-woah, all I know is fast money and homicide (Homicide) (2 Pistols)
I see no way so I grind (So I grind)
Tell me what you would do if your life was just like mine
You would've found another way
But yet, you say we aren’t the same, but why? (But why?)
Why-y?

You just gonna sit there and lie, act like this tough guy?
Knowin' you apple crumb pie, sat in the window cool and you would hear shots then see us run by
"Say mama, they out there shootin'," I was at war, yet such a young guy
Too young to even be boozin', but every night I held my cup high
And slung that everything movin', that was just life inside my projects
Gat inside that letter box
Head inside that staircase, crack inside them yellow tops
Them cops inside our business, sometimes they chilled and let us rock
Sometimes they on that pig shit, runnin' through mud to try to get us knocked
What do you know about gemstar? Sittin' and slicin' and dicin'
Weightin' up shit then wipin' all of the crumbs from all that triton
Goin' outside and riskin' everything, then comin' upstairs and writin'
I survived from luck or God, or maybe I’m lucky God just like me
You might also like
Woah-oh-woah, all I know is fast money and homicide (Homicide)
I see no way so I grind (So I grind)
Tell me what you would do if your life was just like mine
You would've found another way
But yet, you say we aren’t the same, but why? (But why?)
Why-y? (You know how I love money)

I came from the corner, loud—l—loud marijuana
Platinum plaques off this rap shit, and now I’m seein' commas
Death—death—death before dishonor, middle finger to your honor
Only god can judge me, head first in these streets
Body bag these beats
It's—it’s Blood Money, you bitch, I'm slidin' in the new V
Shaw—shawty wet as a fish, told her, "Call me 2P"
She smiled and blew me a kiss
I’m ballin', bitch, I’m ballin', turn the lights off, you'll see my wrist
Young—young boss of the city, my heart cold, no feelin's
My money runnin' like Emmitt, my money runnin' like Fawke
My money runnin, Chris Johnson, or somethin' like Frank Gal
A hunnid birds or a hunnid words, either way, I sell dope (Uh, Montana, yeah)

Mad Max niggas on the bad batch
Montana, Coke Boys, know we got the anthrax
Coupe white, shorty mean, long hair, ass fat
Dope boy, Coke Boys, hottest out, put that on your last stat
Head shot, clear block, that’s fact
Hit it then I slit it then I pass that, fly in, take cab back
Ballin' new Ferrari with the glass back
Everything you fightin' for, we had that, two shots, fast nap
Shots are like my youthdom, two doors, we couped them
Bad bitches, loot them, talk birds, we moved them
Get the purp' from Houston, get the smoke from Cali
Coke Boys, we stylin', bad bitches smilin', haaan
Woah-oh-woah, all I know is fast money and homicide (Homicide)
I see no way so I grind (So I grind)
Tell me what you would do if your life was just like mine
You would've found another way
But yet, you say we aren’t the same, but why? (But why?)
Why-y?Embed