Pop, Lock, & Drop It (Remix) Lyrics
Ayy, it's so beautiful when a plan comes together, y'know?
It's your boy MempHitz (Already)
You already know what this is
H-U-E-Y (Re-mix!)
Bow Weezy, T-Pain, Hitz Committee, pa'tna!

It's H-U-E-Y (Yup), whom fly G5 (Yup)
And by the look in my eyes, she have nice thighs (Oh)
What her mama done gave her done grew from local to major
My pockets flooded with paper (Yeah), born as a Missouri stater (Ha!)
Mami, go'n' take it low; if you can, then touch your toes
You and your pa'tna them, you can get dollars then (Ha!)
Tricking ain't in my blood (Nope), but I'ma make it rain
Too rich for dollar bills—I consider that as change (Geah)
25s on my range, know that that's a odd number
The way you tooting that thang can make the guys wonder (Damn!)
Of what's underneath ('Neath), or even if it's real (Real)
I'm hoping she's a freak (Freak), 'cause I ain't tryna chill (Nah)
I'm tryna get it popping (Yeah), with a shortie like mine (Okay)
That's willing to drop it low enough to blow my mind (Hunh)
It`s H-U-eezy and Bow Weezy
Let`s see if she can get lower than before on the remix (Remix!)
Toot that thang up, mami, make it roll
Once you pop— pop— lock it for me, girl, get low
If your mama gave it to you, baby girl, let it show
Once you pop-lock-drop it for me, maybe we can roll (Oh!)
Pop, lock, and drop it! Pop, lock, and drop it!
Pop, lock, and drop it! Pop, lock, and drop it!
Pop, lock, and drop it! Pop, lock, and drop it!
Pop, lock, and drop it! Pop, lock, and drop it!

Damn, lil' mama, I'm saying
Ha
All that in them jeans? Woof!
Ayy-ayy, let me holla at you for a minute, though

Ayy, what it is? They call me Bow Wizzle (It's me)
Now, pop, lock, and drop for me, make that thang jiggle (Yup)
She moves her hips, just like Shakira (Damn)
If she was in a contest, she would be the winner (Yup)
From Ohio all the way to St. Louis (Uh-huh)
Hey, all the girls do it (That's right), just put your back into it
Now, shake what she gave you (Who?) I'm talking bout your mama
If you won't do it for me, then do it for these dollars (Hahaha)
'Cause I'ma make it rain, these other dudes is lame (Yeah)
They talk a good game (Uh-huh), but they can't do the same (Nah)
Now, drop it up and down; now, take it to the ground
If you wanna please me, baby, all you gotta do is—
(Pop, lock, and drop it) But baby, don't stop it (Nah)
We can do it like Chris Brown, girl, and get it popping
Man, I'm a pro (Yup); look, I'm far from a rookie (That's right)
Girl, get your pretty self over here, give me them cookies
You might also like
Toot that thang up, mami, make it roll
Once you pop— pop— lock it for me, girl, get low
If your mama gave it to you, baby girl, let it show
Once you pop-lock-drop it for me, maybe we can roll (Oh!)
Pop, lock, and drop it! Pop, lock, and drop it!
Pop, lock, and drop it! Pop, lock, and drop it!
Pop, lock, and drop it! Pop, lock, and drop it!
Pop, lock, and drop it! Pop, lock, and drop it!

Shawty snappin' (Yeah!)
(Mmm-hmm, damn! Good God)
Damn, shawty snappin' (Shawty!)
Yeah

Now, let me ask you a lil' question that you never heard:
How do you make them dollars disappear like Copperfield, for lack of better words?
Let me introduce my friend, that's Huey and Bow Wow
And I'm the Pain, better known as "Teddy Penderazzdown"
I'm a G (Yeah), but you pro'ly already knew that
But you didn't know that I could make you pop, lock, drop, and do that
Look, understand: I'm the baddest man alive
So, let's just... bend your knees and do the G5
(Now, we fly!) Yeah, now, you can do it (Yeah)
Yeah, I know you see me (Yeah), yeah, you wanna be me (Yeah)
Yeah, you got my CD (Yeah), yeah, that's Hitz Committee
Yea that's Baby Huey (Yeah), yeah, that's Bow Weezy (Yeah)
Yeah, that's Teddy Pain, I'ma make you climb the pole
I'ma play you depending on how this money unfold
And I got it from my mama, I ain't tryna go broke
If you pop-lock-drop it, I might let all of this go, oh!
Toot that thang up (Uh-huh)
Mami, make it roll (Uh-huh)
Once you pop— pop— lock it for me (Uh-huh)
Girl, get low (Uh-huh, ha)
If your mama gave it to you (Uh-huh)
Baby girl, let it show (Uh-huh)
Once you pop-lock-drop it for me (Uh-huh)
Maybe we can roll (Oh! Oh, oh!)

Hey (Yeah), I guess that's what it is, then
Hitz Committee (Throw your A-Ps up!)
So So Def
Konvict, what's up? (What's up, man?)
Haha!
Ayy, y'all can roll with us or get rolled over, man (Yeah, yeah)
Already1Embed