Fuck What You Think Lyrics
A-yo word 'em up, on the real to real, man?
Niggas be on that old bullshit, straight up and down
You know what I'm saying?
'Cause when I wasn't doing shit
Motherfuckers ain't have a thing to say to a nigga
Now they see I'm making a little loot
Doing a couple of shows here and there
Making wax, you know what I'm saying?
Motherfuckers wanna come out of the blue and be my man
You know what I'm saying?
You wasn't my friend before, why you wanna be my friend now?
I don't need no more friends, I got a million motherfucking friends
You know what I'm saying?
And all of my friends is real
But now I think I'm all of that and shit because I'm down with Main Source
That's the little rumor these motherfuckers are spreading
'Cause I won't give 'em pound and all of that shit, man
Well, the shit is just bullshit, straight 'em up
You know what I'm saying?
And why should I give them a pound when before they was dissin'
Now they see I got position, and wanna join my mission
When I was broke they always spoke behind my back
Saying that my rap was wack and I was hooked on crack
Well nigga fuck that
Now that I'm back I'm on some other shit so fuck that old brother shit
'Cause now I'm on some real undercover shit
You didn't want a pound before so why you wanna slap me five?
Said I was falling off and I was gonna take a dive

But I'm rocking shit, any motherfucking way
You know what I'm saying?
So fuck what you think, fuck what you heard, fuck how you feel
You know what I'm saying?
Cos I'm not dealing like that, you know what I'm saying?
Niggas need to get off that old bullshit
And that's my word, you know what I'm saying?
A-yo what's up Sha-Queen, you chilling, baby?

Nah, I ain't chilling Mike, you know what I'm saying?
I'm having massive problems, kid, you know what I'm saying?
My family's stressing me out
My man's getting on my nerves 24-7, yo
I can't take it no more, Mike
You know what I'm saying?
I thought I'd stick around and take it but I can't handle it
You know what I'm saying?
I think it's getting to that point right now
I think I gotta break out, you know what I'm saying?
Cos they keep stressing me
You might also like
A-yo I'm ready to explode
Niggas got me to the point well now I'm fucking heated
Nothing nice to say your words well then you're best to leave it
Bitches getting jel 'cause I ain't fail and fucking left them hanging
But still I chill with my true crew, ain't nothing changing
I'm very down to earth and real
And anything I gotta say, yo I'mma say it, fuck how that person feel
Living my life the way I want to in my own way
Yeah, fuck what everybody else say

You know what I'm saying?
'Cause I'm getting sick of that bullshit
You know what I'm saying?
I just graduated from High School
I ain't gotta go through that shit no more
You know what I'm saying?
'Cause I'm a grown motherfucking woman
I just can't take it no more, I'm about to be out kid

Yo, but check this out though Sha
You know what I'm saying?
Every time I turn around niggas is trying to flip on me, man
From MCs to engineers to friends, you know what I'm saying?
That's some old bullshit, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, it's up to the point where
I'm just like yo fuck this, man, I want to be on my own
Word up, man, just do my own thing, man
Word up, and fuck everybody else
Word up, but yo check this out, man
I'm in a whole different world
Niggas is straight up fucking flaky
(Supposed to be your friends, hiding behind fake grins)
I know you bastards hate me
And plus you're waiting for the fall
But I can see you, pumping up the streets
Chilling with my peeps, making those platinum beats
Fixing your mouth to try to diss, yeah there's no need
I heard you're doing good
Plus your groups shift double wood
So your dissing is small talk and your beats are extinct
We're making platinum records, fuck what you think

You know what I'm saying, man?
Because after today, man, shit is just dead, man
You know what I'm saying?
I know who the real snakes are
You know what I'm saying?
So when you see K-Cut, man
Don't step to me like you knew me, man
Don't be my friend, man, because I know the real deal
You know what I'm saying Sha, LT, Sir Scratch, Mikey D?
Word up, man, I'm on some ghost shit, man
So just leave me alone, man, because I'm out, man
Leave me alone...

(You should smile)
Smile for what, my name ain't Howdy Doody
Or ??? so let some motherfuckers think I'm moody
So kid I trust shit, it's something I ain't with
I used to be nice, yeah, but now niggas are getting lit
So grab a hold of my pole when I stroll
Iceberg cold and 24 years old, bitch!
I got the feel cos I'm real with Mikey D and Kevin
So when you see me coming motherfuckers get to stepping1Embed