Music Makes Me High (REMIX) Lyrics
One time!
We bless the track, front to the back
LB fam, Dogg Pound, we attack
One time for the LP, LB
Family come through, this how we do
Group Home, Universal bounce once

Power moves to be made, rap game the trade
Clown niggas gettin' paid, it's gettin' sharp as a blade
The mind stays used, I stay confused, I'm steady thinkin'
I got one dutch burnin', I'm already drinkin'
Here to lay the real, I know the deal, I feel the envy
But those that try to blind me, right behind me where my men be
Dutches be burnin' soon as I let it scrap
But skeet from Tennessee, give my main man Dap
Caught up in the game, black, can't explain that
But longevity, that's what I aim at
You wanna come through and try to test your fuckin' skills?
Kid, I got the shit that pay the rent, plus the bills
Send your clown niggas back to the fuckin' hills
Me and my fam givin' competition chills
For real, from the East to the West
LB's all about cheese, now who's the best?
Break your wins down like a pronoun
On the road with me and my click Tha Dogg Pound
Throw your hands up, you wanna fuckin' toss?
I'm that guy — Land of the Lost
Listen up, I'm a special, ordinary guy
Love bitches and money, and I love bein' high
One with Tha Dogg Pound, my brother Freaky Tah
Music Makes Me High
Yo, the combination of Mr. Cheeks, Canibus and Kurupt
Is enough to make the reels on cassette tapes bust
'Cause none of you fools is capable
My lyrical will knock you on the floor like a mechanical bull
Rhymes ricochet off the inner walls of my lungs
And go past the tongue faster than bullets come out of guns
Who wants to be the one to get struck first?
I bury they body on any other planet except the Earth
I rip up, swell your lip up, it's a stick-up
Make you put your hands on your head like you was doin' sit-ups
Lost Boyz and DPG causin' trouble
We outta control like an involuntary muscle
Can't nobody else smoke more than my team
20 pounds of weed and a gallon of Visine, yana'mean?!
I fly the friendly skies whenever Music Makes Me High

I'm so high
These tracks be makin' me high
These beats be makin' me high
This music makes me high (Dogg Pound, Dogg Pound)
Music makes me high
And these tracks keep makin' me high
And these beats keep makin' me high
Music makes me high
You might also like
Territorial game, what's ya name? Where ya at?
I'm comin' through wit' a mack, I'm out to get my paper back
You can't harm me, even if ya live eternal
Get incinerated from this verbal inferno
From what's created, get physically castrated
I'm so glad I made in a world where I'm hated
Big time gamer got the game orchestrated
Kurupt be mashin' in Jags and Bentleys
Imitated, 'cause you's an imitater, punk
Jump wit' Kurupt and get slumped 'cause I dumps
With no questions, or no hesitation, I'm bussin'
End of discussion, as my adrenaline's rushin'
Irrational, the Mr. Castro of the capital
It's actual factual fact, I use tactical skills
To get me in the position to kill
Get popped like pills tryna jump as they wills

I'm so high
These tracks be makin' me high
These beats be makin' me high
This music makes me high
Music makes me high
And these tracks keep makin' me high
And these beats keep makin' me high
Music makes me high
Yeah, can I rock, huh? Can I rock my rhymes?
The deadliest rhymes, as lethal as land mines
Time after time, I beat the hell out of a track
Most definitely, I gets busy when we attack
Notes, analogs, dialogues and formats
Be on some ill type streets raps from way back
As a child, I got wild with styles
I need to shine all day and I rock the crowd
I destroy and completely vaporizin' my opponents
Be on it like a hornet, kick you dead in your stomach
Doggone it, tell my why they want it so bad?
Daz Dillinger killin' and peelin' caps back
So get down, tell me I'll come around
So get down, Lost Boyz and Dogg Pound
I bet ya get to see, now tell whatcha gonna do
A tough guy can be a dead guy when fuckin' wit' my crew
So fasten your seat belt and see how hard it's felt
Therefore, we stay hardcore what else? What else?
Embed