Variations on a Cloud Lyrics
Both of us see a cloud or whatever we may believe
Being it may be proud or whatever we want to see
Okay, jump

Cirrus in (cumulus) light (dark) you lie (vow)
Give us varying (colorful) shades of grey
Floating inside (outside) the sky
Show us everything (nothing) everyday (in any way)
Okay, jump to end it all
Let this one be to break the fall

It's a little bit of magic to end the world
But I thought you knew me truly
Something different than we started with in the world
Does it even matter to me?
I was in the hearing
Bumming a humble clearing from Caligula
In his Shangri-La La La

It's a little bit of magic to end the world
But I thought you knew me truly
Something different than we started with in the world
Does it even matter to me?
Miracle worker, I saw you begin it
Walking the water, so soft on the rain
See what you see in the surface, a limit
Ladies and gentlemen, please
You might also like
Why don't we keep it coming back
And coming back, and coming back?
Why don't we keep it coming back
And coming back, and coming back?
(Join if you wish)
Keep it coming back
And coming back, and coming back?
Why don't we keep it coming back
And coming back?
(These days it's hard to find friends but opportunities bend)
We've been to this scene, aboriginal meme
(And we spend the chance sleeping on the top of the fence)
Had a smotherful mother full of meddle and steam
Can't believe what we've seen won't be burned to the ground
Though we make ourselves castles every tide we're around
Do you like how I walk? Do you like how I talk?
(It's a little bit of magic to end the world)
Do you like how my face has learned to tick like a clock?
(But I thought you knew me, truly)
I have a wonderful life, I know a powerful Bob
(Something different than we started with in the world)
He eulogizes me for being geocentric
(Does it even matter to me? Ha ha ha ha!)
Keep it coming back
And coming back and coming back
Why don't we keep it coming back
And coming back, and coming back, and coming?26Embed