Ante Up (Robbin Hoodz Theory) Lyrics
You nah mean? It's gettin' ready to go down. Funkmaster Flex, Tunnel style, shout to Big Kap, Cipha Sounds, M.O.P. Ante up in the fuckin' background for the real niggas, you nah mean? Shout to Brooklyn, Queens, Long Island, Staten Island, Uptown Harlem, where the BX, all my real niggas with the 20 inches outside, you nah mean? Fake niggas get the fuck out, and hold on to yo' shit, you nah mean? Funk Flex, one time for your motherfuckin' mind. One!

Take minks off! (Uh!) Take things off! (Uh!)
Take chains off! (Uh!) Take rings off! (Uh!)
Bracelets is yapped, Fame came off!
(Ante up!) Everything off!
Fool, what you want? We stiflin' fools
Fool, what you want? Your life or your jewels?
The rules (Back 'em down), next thing (Pat 'em down)
Respect mine, we Brooklyn bound (Bound!) now (Now!)
Brownsville, home of the brave
Put in work in the street like a slave
Keep a rugged dress code, always in distress mode
(That shit gon' send you to your grave!) So?
You think I don't know that? (Blaow!) Nigga hold that! (Blaow!)
Nigga hold that! (Blaow!) Nigga hold that!
From the street, cousin, you know the drill
I'm nine hundred and ninety-nine thou short of a mill

(Ante up!) Yap that fool!
(Ante up!) Kidnap that fool!
It's the perfect timing, you see the man shinin'
Get up off them goddamn diamonds!
(Ante up!) Yap that fool!
(Ante up!) Kidnap that fool!
Get him, get him, get him! Hit him, hit him, hit him
Yap him! Zap him! Yap him! Zap him!

Them thugs you know ain't friendly
Them jewels you rock, make 'em envy
You thinkin' it's all good, you creep through a small hood
Goons comin' up outta the cut for your goods and they all should
Ante up! (Yap that fool!)
You want big money, kidnap that fool
If you up in the club, I've got your pis-tal money
Catch them fools at the bar for that Cristal money
You might also like
The '87 stickup kids (What you niggas sayin'?)
Get the fuck up out that 740, shorty, I ain't playin'
It's flash that thang time (Bang!), bang time
(Ante up!) Nigga, it's game time
Hand over the ring, kick over the chain
Gimme the fuckin' watch before I pop one in your brain
Stop playin' these childish games with me
Representin' 1-718 dangerously, nigga

(Ante up!) Yap that fool!
(Ante up!) Kidnap that fool!
It's the perfect timing, you see the man shinin'
Get up off them goddamn diamonds!
(Ante up!) Yap that fool!
(Ante up!) Kidnap that fool!
Get him, get him, get him, get him! Hit him, hit him, hit him, hit him
And then yap him! Yap him! Zap him!

I'm a street regulator, true player hater
Get back down, make yo' ass a MAC sprayer hater
Things that we need: money, clothes, weed
Indeed, hot food, booze, essentials, credentials
Code of the streets, owners who creep
Slow when you sleep, holdin' the heat
Put holes in your Jeep, respect the streets
It's the L-I-L F-A-M-E
Yeah, nigga Danze, gave you a chance
'Cause I blasted yo' man I'm in the wrong?
He said he was strong, I had reason to
Believe he had some shit up his sleeve all along (So?)
Fuck you, Your Honor! Check my persona
I’m strung out off of Old Gold and marijuana
I'ma do what I wanna, quiet as kept (Raise hell!)
Til' I'm expired and stretched, yes Lord

(Ante up!) Yap that fool!
(Ante up!) Kidnap that fool!
It's the perfect timing, you see the man shinin'
Go and get them goddamn diamonds!
(Ante up!) Yap that fool!
(Ante up!) Kidnap that fool!
Get him, get him, get him! Hit him, hit him, hit him
Yap him! Zap him! Yap him! Yap him!

Hahahahahahaha, fuck
Nigga!
What's up? What's up? What's up? Fuck
(First Family, First Family, First Family)
Motherfucker!
Yeah!23Embed