Buck Whylin’ Lyrics
We are at war!
Black man, where is your heart?
The black man is so strong there's no reason we can't win!
Everybody's gonna have to get serious!

I try to teach and reach, I drop bombs with a little flow
Remember back when I said 'Yo!'?
If you can't get at those then get up
As the world turns, some sucka learns
As one quits, another hits, ain't this a trip?
That's why I'm known, I'm stoned up on the microphone
But they try to hang me dry
But then it's do or die when they don't give you a reason why
They be frontin' forgettin' finger pointin' at us (Damn!)
No discussion we be tearin' up the joint, yeah
There was the music they use and the flex will go stylin'
Terminator X, buck whylin'
What is America's beef with the black man?
It's the way that you walk
It's the way that you talk
Every brother and sister has got to be a soldier in the war against the black man
They want to keep your mind in a constant state of aggravation

Ain't nothing changed, still down with Farrakhan
Yeah, some seconds ticked, but still a time bomb
Blowin' up, they hope we shut up, what up?
Is it shakin' or bakin' enough? God damn
Like I told 'em it stands a man
With an attitude, some people call me rude
And when they kick out the bass and treble
The place is in trouble, the population double
A trigger panic the spot, the heater's on and it's hot
Like sex, Terminator gets ya go buck whylin'

Sister Souljah speaking!
Sisters say, 'Where are the good black men?'
They're missing in action because we are at war!
War!
War!
You might also like
I'll get ya go buck whylin' (damn!) what the others say
Come here and listen, stop missin' what the brothers say
Go for broke, we smoke, we go loco
Cause what I'm sayin' they're playin' me for a joke so
My tolerance to climb the fence
And what is told is told and it's bold and it's gold, you won't
Find this jam on a planet cause they take it for granted
At the end of the day they get paid
Not this time the rhyme is ridin' on a flex
The Terminator X
That's why I never can stop and I won't I don't stop
Keep the flow of the info 'til the brain pops
And it be pumpin' the sound and I'll look
You'll get down and start pilin'
Terminator X, buck whylin'

If the truth hurts, then you'll be in pain!
If the truth drives you crazy, you'll be insane!
The laws are designed so that the black man as a collective cannot get paid
As I told you before, we're at war!

Some say it's sad, they get mad cause we're down with the Boogie Down
Ice-T, Big Daddy on the rhythm now
I go Stetsa, too and I betcha
With the 2 Live Crew and we'll getcha
Even got Sir Mix-a-Lot
MC Lyte, that's right, huh, she can win a rhyme fight
We'll fill the fall with incredible feats
Terminator X, Valley of the Jeep Beets
I'm givin' you what you're gettin', a little taste of the P-E
That's what it B-E
It doesn't matter the platter still turns
Every second with a record so hot that the floor burns
Terminator
Buck whylin'
You can't declare war on the black man without declaring war on me
I'm Sister Souljah, and I'm outta here
5000Embed