Do What U Feel (Radio 1) LyricsDon't hold back, just let it go, uhh!  
Let it out, let the juices flow  
Come on, girl, if the feelin's right ... 
We can do it all day, we can do it all night  
It's on, one more hit, baby
Lemme see you get low and dip, baby
Worlwide, young and old, snap them fingers, tap them toes
I'm back with another round, puttin' it down
Speakin' my mind and layin' it down
C'mon, do what you feel, girl, let loose for real, girl
Just move your body, rock your body
Don't you worry 'bout nobody
Y'all fellas go on and get up on it
'Cause you know she really want it
It's all about havin' fun, it's all about keepin' it real
It's all about havin' fun, keepin' it real, doin' what you feel!
If you wanna do it now, girl, why hesitate?  
If your mind say yes, girl, why you gonna wait?
We can do it now, we can do it later  
If you don't wanna do it now, I ain't gonna hate ya

Dance to the rhythm, da-dance to the beat now
Break it down, lemme see you get down now
Who said the party's over?  It just got started when I took over
Yeah, now wave your hands in the air
]From the left to the right like you don't care
C'mon, it's the one and only Freak, Nasty as I wanna be
Shake it up, baby, shake it down
I wanna see you shake it when I come to your town
On the floor and dip, honey, no need to trip, honey
It's all about havin' fun, it's all about keepin' it real
It's all about havin' fun, keepin' it real, doin' what you feel!
We can do it nice and we can do it slow  
If you wanna go low, girl, then go down low  
We can do it nice and we can do it fast  
If you want it, girl, just gimme that na-naa na naaaaa...

Here we go, with Lil Mo, freakin' his hair from back do'
Yo, people in the front, yo, people in the back
Show me where your heart is at
Just do what you feel, don't be ashamed
'Cause bein' real is the name of the game
Do your thing, please yourself, 'cause it's hard pleasin' everybody else
You might also likeFirst of all I'm gonna please me, the one and only Freak Nasty
I tell you now, I never sneak
'Cause ain't nothin' wrong with bein' a freak
And girls, that's me 'till the day I die
A straight up brother, but a lil' shy
It's all about havin' fun, keepin' it real, doin' what you feel, come on
...
We can do it like this, we can do it like that  [Do what you feel
Baby!]
We can do it from the front, we can do it from the back
You can touch me here, you can touch me there  
See, a brother like me, I don't really care  
  (8x)
I'm on a roll, don't get behind; if you missed it, just press rewind
Do whatever, do what you're gonna do; whatever it is, you gotta be true
Gotta be real and do what you feel, be king or queen of your own hill
I'm makin' music for everyone, so everybody can have a lil' fun
I'm comin' hard, I'm comin' soft, girl
How you want it? 'Cause I'm 'bout to go off
It's gettin' heated, I'm about to sizzle
People to the right, even in the middle
People to the left, to the front, to the back
Do what you feel, yeah, I like it like that
Yeah, from me to you, just keep it real
(Too sweeeeeet!)  Y'all know the rest
We can do it like this, we can do it all day  
We can do it like that, we can do it any way 
We can to it over there, we can do it right here
We can do it in the ATL, or New Orleans, it don't matter
 where we do it, we can just do what we feel!
Too sweeeeeet!  For lifeEmbed