Oweeo LyricsOweeo. ooooh. oweeo. oooh. oweeo. oooh. oweeo. oooh
All the playas in the front.(ooh)
All the playas in the back.(ooh)
All the playas on the sides.(ooh)
Grab a girl and bump and grind.(ooh)
Round and round you go to and fro i'm with that flow
With my, napsack full old school raps
That be strapped with a kid
Can't clap like this
On here is the s**t i re-transmit this song to
Rock a party like the kids get high when they see Barney
What a rush when i buck straight from this rhyme called cush
Give it up, whats up?
Tag Team's musics always in the cut
So c'mon let me see you sweat
Boogie on down from cup to set
We kick the bling from long ago
Sing oweeo oweeo oweeo you go
Oweeo. Oooh. Oweeo. Oooh
All the playas in the front (ooh)
All the playas in the back (ooh)
All the playas on the sides (ooh)
Yo number there yo rhyme
No one in the world can stop me
No one in the world can save me
No one in the world can flow the way i do
When we been all over the United States
Rockin' shows and sulffi million takes
Straight havin' a ball
I met a girl i've been seeing from Miama to Mahtreeah
Yall saw it happened
Tag Team got payed just for rappin'
About what it is that we like to do
You might also likeSo we ignite a few
Pass the brew, and if i were you i'd get a girl with the daisy dukes
Oh, the one with knee high, high heeled boots
Lookin' real cute with her booty shakin' (woooooh)
That's a breath taker
Oweeo. Oooh. Oweeo. Oooh
All the playas in the front.(ooh)
All the playas in the back.(ooh)
All the playas on the sides.(ooh)
Steamrollin' one more time.(ooh)
I'm like Superman, the man of steel
So you better recognize the real
Top fly n***a from the ghetto
Like Big Skunk said with a head full of dreads
"I'm steamrollin the classic
I stretch punks like elastic, recycle it em plastic
It gets drastic, just call me Mr. Fantastic"
I got the guh that ain't so cranky, the ten
Tag Team blends like juice and gin
We make yo body spin like a bottle
The party crew from Denver, Colorado
We live in the A-Town
Be puttin down from by the pound
You know we real,we dont set
Tag Teams down with 100 pimps
Yeah baby this is C-Low here 99 pimp on tha pimp line
And you numbuh 100 baby
All the playas in the front (ooh)
All the playas in the back (ooh)
All the playas on the sides (ooh)
Sing oweeo oweeo oweeo we ride (ooh)
Oweeo. Oooh. Oweeo. Oooh.(fade till end)Embed