The Worst Lyrics
"Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!" — "Onyx! Onyx!"
"Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!" — "Onyx! Onyx!"
A-yo, staircase to stage now, major waves
Tanktop Nautica, flippin' your daughter thirty ways
Yeah, who want mine? Bent outta shape, one time
Play the mall, starin' at your bird of all sunshine
Watch my shit shift, niggas in the back, wigs lift
You know the stats, God, don't even ask, pah, back slit
Raw drug raps, thug hats and mob hats, spit on that cat
This yellow love nigga fuckin' with a rich cat
My shit now, 5 feet 6, with a crisp hat plush
Throwin' down on thirty bricks, niggas is with that
Dough, federados locked my man, yo, hit lotto
Three-hundred thousand in the bottle
Bitch snack is Heiml technique, rover in the robe, gold link
You know the code, 'Rique, suitcase money, stow heat
Rock Navi's dough, hundred dollar bags valet
That nigga crab meat, gamin' himself like Milton Bradley
Yo, the semi-automatic Glock this, unlock this
The weed spots get knocked, it's so hot chicks is topless
Whips are spotless, chrome rims spend obnoxious
You can't knock this, bust ya shots — you better not miss!
X-1 wild out, and make you watch this
'Til your eyes turn red with blotches, eatin' scraps out the garbage
Unload a cartridge, and bust a cap
X could never trust a cat, Onyx is as hot as it gets!
Bitches fuckin' for free is outta the quest'
Blow blood outta your flesh, your body outta your vest
I toss the heat from across the street
Fly you up off your feet, you die livin' soft and sweet
Street crime, time is money, nigga, don't waste mine
Expose my 9, throwin' your shine, your froze in time
Lookin' at death, holdin' your breath
Laid out on the dance floor, blood and Moët, I'm blowin' your set
Trick twenty G's, no sweat, your goin' in debt
I'm goin' for broke, I'm blowin' out smoke, you catch a stroke
Wu-Tang and Baldhedz, Swiss foreheads, leave you all red
X-Milli-1, fully armed, illest beyond your realest form
Bringin' the storm, forseein' you warned
Nothin' keepin' me calm but heat in my palm
Sleep and you gone, you see what I'm on? Creepin' outta the dark
Scatter your parts from here to Battery Park
You might also like
First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on a man!

Steel master, grab half the cash fast and bash
And splash yo' class, mash your staff, what?!
Nigga get smacked, you ain't worth a punch, hurt your bunch
Get murked, you front in the wrong circle, punk!
Mack clever niggas dat regulate
Catch you on the d-lo in Mecca and Etch-a-Sketch ya
Shake and erase, vacatin' your space, breakin' your face
Straighten your waist, twist you, and won't miss you
Afficial Nast and Killa Bee, full blast, get off smash
Pull fast for your stash
Long as the war last, foot up in your ass
Tryin' to count more math, bringin' the hardcore rap

Yo, we be the mainstream
Supreme rhyme top-of-the-line cuisine fiends
Number one love for thug Queens schemin' on cream
My whole team love the E-cup bras and mob cars
Killa Sin known for makin' niggas reach for the stars
The terrorist lyricist in the midst of the abyss
Cannabis evangelists, iron palms with metal fists
Wu build like construction and bang like percussion
All the Planet Battery packs combust and malfunction
What, kid?!
First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on a man!

Holy shit! Who the fuck is dat?!
It's John John
Sticky Fingaz, kid, you got my back?
I got your back, cousin
I got the MAC-dozen
And when them niggas start dumpin', bust back, cousin
'Cause it's a new year, time for some new shit!
Nowadays, rappers dyin' over music
Dead on arrival
We raised in the ghetto singin' songs for survival
Duckin' homicidal, you rob them
Yeah, yeah! Onyx, Wu-Tang, on tracks we gangbang
Chitty-bang-bang! Chitty-chitty-bang-bang!
Hot Nix' spit flame, lava pump through my veins
Caught in the zone, home on the range
A-yo, you rang on ferocious, atrocious
We got that supercalifragalisticexpiala… Dope shit!
Eight ball in the corner pocket
We snatch wallets off the white collared
The Big Apple forever rotted
Narcotics hunt the hard target, Hot Nix'
So what the bumbaclot?!
Pop shit, we do the knowledge
To shark niggas, once bitten, major swingers heavy hittin'
Poly your kitten, throw up your mittens
Stop bitchin', no slippin', no pot to piss in
The meltin' pot's boilin' hot now in Hell's Kitchen
Yo, yo! Sticky Fingaz, one of the illest motherfuckers
Believe dat! My moms don’t raise no suckers!
I slap rappers, turn 'em into singers
Touch somethin' of mine, and you'll have Nine fingaz!
'Nuff said, let's paint this whole fuckin' town red
And RIP… they whole crew to a shred!
I got cold blood!
I pull yo' plug
I hold, bust!
Show no love
I'm so bugged!
Shoot yo' home up
And shoot up the whole club
We throw slugs
You ain't no thug! I earned every God damn penny that I got, son
I'm rollin' shotgun in the convertible
I wish a nigga w-w-would try to fuckin' jack me
I'll murder you!

First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
First things first, man, you're *fuckin'* with the worst
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on a man!

"Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!" — "Onyx! Onyx!"
"Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!" — "Onyx! Onyx!"3Embed