Case of the PTA Lyrics
Oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man
Yo, yo, yo, I can't understand
Why the parents and the teachers
And everybody trying to reaching the kids
The young generation yo
What's the deal bro, Charlie Brown, man
I don't know what the deal is
You have to ask my partna Dinco D
Yo yo tell us D tell us D
Mass confusion g, I don't know what's up
Hey yo man
It's just another case of that old P.T.A

In school, I wrote notes and took quotes from Shakespeare
And other types of rhymes to show you that I (care!)
From things like 'together forever'
To 'you're my only one' (only one!)
It was special, I can say it was a lovin' one
You would say someone's knockin' at my window (knock, knock!)
Someone's ringin' my bell (ding, dong!)
It's about 2 in the mornin' (yo D, what the hell's goin' on!?)


But nevertheless, it goes to show my potential
And even though our love was three-dimensional
One (me!) two (you!) three (your pops!), now, what am I to do?
I had to transform into an educated lad
Goin' around doin' chores for your dad
Playin' a duck, wearin' sweaters and shoes
Chillin' with pop, just listening' to the blues
And talkin' to your mom about her love for her daughter
Suggestion to me, that I just oughta
Watch myself (inch by inch!), watch myself (and use some sense!)
So I did (hey!) and didn't do a damn thing
But they still complained, so now I sing
You might also like

ROAARRR!
Busta Rhymes, the mighty infamous
Always misbehavin' and mischievous
Causin' aggravation, I'll never pause
Pushin' out spit balls through plastic straws (in class!)
Until I got caught at last for lightin' up the courtyard grass
Hey! Teacher, teacher, don't try to flex
(Busta Rhymes 'bout to get a complex)
Hey yo, in class kicked it to this girl Cheryl (whaaat?)
The teacher tried to throw me a referral (no, no, no!)
But not with detention, or nor with suspension
A child wicked and wild that carries ill styles
She suggested I need to go talk to my mommy
Now when she gets home, she's gonna wear out the body
I hate this relationship to mom and teacher
When she reaches home, hey, yo, she knows that I reached ya
Ok, of today, I am the new school prey
Between my mom, my teacher and my dad, hey, yo


Ah! Yo, teachers hate me, the girls don't date me
Because I'm C. Broooowwwn (class clown!)
Yet and still, ah, sometimes I chill, yo
Dependin' on the day and how I feel
Sometimes I leave an apple that's rotten and (Brown!)
Nowhere to be found
Gum tacks on seats, five days a week
A riot in the lunchroom, I gotta get some sleep
But I didn't do it (you did it!), I'm suspended (you was with it!)
And now it's time to pay for the crime and I never got caught
Like Judge Wapner (Bam, take 'em to court)
A room of teachers, parents and preachers
A principal and one kid dressed in sneakers
Case of Brown vs. the Board (Order! Order!)
Yo twelve, verse one is a slaughter
I pleaded my case, ah! Face to face, ah!
It was a waste and everyone was in place, yo
Pronounced me guilty you have three hundred sixty four
Days of detention to serve, some nerve
I felt dissed, could be from pissed
The head of the board said "case dismissed"
As I walked out the room I heard them say
Ayayayayayayayayayay!

Oh man, We have a final Countdown
What's the deal bro, The Final Countdown
Case Of The P.T.A. 5 Number 3, 8, 14, 22, ah!
Mass confusion g, Hey! Hey! hey!
Let's Do The Final Countdown All This Scrubby Teachers
All The Scrubby Teachers we do about it1Embed