Classic Material Lyrics
CLASSIC! Busta Rhymes is
CLASSIC! Dinco D is
CLASSIC! Charlie Brown is
CLASSIC! Milo in the Dance is
CLASSIC! Backspin is CLASSIC!
Cut to the Monitor, Monitor to the Cut, what? Milo in de Dance!

Bust this as I construct this like a blunt
Ropie dope, first quarter just start
Now people in the dance me au beh uni
Uni uni, fe big up in '92
No link to dust, watch brain cells bust
When I flip the script, I could make a Rev feel (lit!)
You walkin' on shakey ground, call it warned
Now big up your chest if you could test L.O.N.S
Mr. Distress take a long rest
And I never, never, never want to see you no more
See you no more, see you no more
Got Classic Material wall to wall
Hey, runnin' through computer chips, leavin' trails of flesh
Disectable satons, crucial to summin' quest
Bless, yes, bust press on the drumpads
Breast caress chest may relieve stress, so
Consider the inner outta, don't know if you oughta
Doubt a seat a eater Peter, what you sayin' after hours?
Players pop pills, pop stars blunt fanatics
The dramatics come runnin' up to me
The D to the O (Why it gotta be you, D?)
Which sees for insight within the C
Down with an (Oh my gosh!) and a (C. Beeeee)
10-4 not Milo (Follow me)
Cuss, you mean us, Leaders as you see
You an MC, you an MC?
Well, no time to play, LP it in time
It's just another case, hey, but I pace
Place another fact and exact I come (Oh!)
Classic Material, we reign number one

Classic Material, Classic Material
L.O.N.S. with the Classic Material
Classic Material, Classic Material
Everybody, we got the Classic Material
You might also like
Hey, a new frontier, pioneer to steer
Rippin' and rhymin', rippin' and rhymin' every single year
365, 24/7, stomp, romp, stamp, amp, floor keep steppin'
Merely, yearly, my base is always 1st, not 3rd, word
Catch the snatch, patch in the latch of the hook of the book
Perhaps? (No haps!)
If so (Hip-hop!) Make 'em make 'em clap
Last class, I alphabetized the re-rap
A boy came down every day, A-B-C-D-E, now see what I say
C. Brown reflections of black (And!)
The shade of the lyrical, here to kick facts
Give me a hit (Hit!) for the classic elastic splastic dope on plastic
No illusion, no confusion, undecided
I'm invited, delighted and bite it
Material madness, raw for the core imperial
As I come with an aerial
Power from the L-shaped room
L.O.N.S., L.O.N.S. we smoke boom!

When I make my music, I got the Classic Material
When I grab the microphone, you know I'm reignin' imperial
Wake up in the mornin', eat my whole wheat cereal
Historical styles combines with new musical
L.O.N.S. wreck shit as usual
When we make a presence, yes, we got to make it visual
Mental, physical, then we come spiritual
Follow this shit here, because this shit here is emotional
We express an emotion through a style they call lyrical
Mysterical, we make it complicated and technical
Numerical as we move down like a decimal
(East Coast stomp!) 'Cause you know that is the principle
Look at here, what you see is four individuals
This time, you know we're goin' to form in institutional
So that we can become one and become more powerful
You're livin' mystical, i-
-dentify yourself as you face the universal
Rippin' it at will and it's done with no rehearsal
Movin' like you're dusted and you're caught up in somethin' trivial
T.I.M.E. is eternal when you have the
Classic Material, yes Material, yes Material
You know we got Material, Classic Material
Yes Material, yes Material, Classic Material!Embed