What’s Next? Lyrics
Wassup, wassup? Fellas (What's goin' on?)
What's goin' on, god?
Yo, what's that, man? What's on the radio? (Wassup, god)
Yo, what's that?
Yo, what's that music playin' on the radio now, though?
Yo, turn it up (What's that sound right there?)
And it goes like this

Skip to my Lou (Yes)
I got a funky hop-scotch game goin' on (Get strong)
I think you better follow this and come along
Heavens to Murgatroyd, we've come with another new song (Sing along), hey
(Tick) Ticka-ticka-tock (Who's that), comin' around the block?
(Leaders of The New) Yes, with the shit that is sure to hit the spot
Ooh, hot, yes, come in my dragon's lair
That's when I turn slayer, and you better say a prayer
(Open your eyes) Rise, yes, I've come to (Civilize)
Mr. Parasite, I got your big surprise
Mad effective as you vision my perspective, hot shot
Look at what you got, a super aching 'fected speed knot
Yo, it seems stunnin' every time I see the fraud comin'
Hundred miles and runnin', time to plant the tool and start gunnin'
Let me tell you somethin', you ain't sayin' nothin' with your fussin'
Now you got my cussin', bake you like a muffin full of stuffin'
For the world to see ya
Leaders of The New is in the place to be for '93 (Check it out)
(What's Next?) We come fresh, no batty bwoy can test
(What's Next?) You know we wicked and we full up of finesse
(What's Next?) 'Cause when we deh a dance, we have fi impress
(What's Next?) To my brother C. Boogie Brown to come down
Brown

You know I love they way it's goin' down (Goin' down), yeah
You know I love they way it's goin' down (Goin' down)
I'm the one-night supreme (Bein', all seein')
Soul with the role (No, I'm not European)
Operator, operator, put me on hold
Stories untold, watch the dollars unfold
Watch women approach me with the invitations
Previous engagement, speculation
I hate when my girl says, "Give me some space"
On the telephone and never to your face
I paid my dues, so lick the balls
In the summer, in the winter, in the spring and in the fall (What?)
I'm rompin' and rippin', the needle ain't skippin'
Gymnasium and stadiums, the crowd be flippin'
The new to the next, of course the next is
The greatest, the grandest, of course you expect this
In cash, boom-bash, slash, grammatical
Continual residual, flow is radical
All that and a bag of Chips Ahoy
Tell your homeboys to bring the noise
Sunrise to sunset, yes, you will remember
Born on the 19th day of September
Peace to mom dukes, that's C-dot-B-dot
Not for cock-block, stop and don't jock
So take it, faker, snaker, phonograph, no paper
Just a Phillie for the ride, slide, peace, see ya later
You might also like
What's Next? (I know you love the way it's goin' down)
What's Next? (I know you love the way it's goin' down)
What's Next? (I know you love the way it's goin' down)
What's Next? (I know you love the way it's goin' down)

Ex the excess, your next best bet, check it
(Move it along) 'Cause I really can't jack it
Your cement mentality will end up in casualties
I got the right one, baby, and no, you can't follow me
Got pieces of a dream I need to put together
I ain't checkin' for nobody who's tougher than leather
Whether I'm in or out of state, it doesn't make a difference
Why the constant complainin' about my rare appearance?
Sayin', "Milo, do you love me?" You're always askin'
What are you lookin' for, action or romancin'?
Now, who the hell you think you're gassin'? (Are you crazy?)
Don't treat me like a Care Bear that's always smilin'
I like drinkin' booze and sometimes wildin'
Don't act new, baby (Huh), or haven't ya heard?
Keep one-ten MPH and I'm in Duesenberg
Keep the main-on-tain and at an even rate
One Newport breath taker in the mornin' and you know I'm straight
(What's Next?) Voodoo hex, 666 years of sorrow
Broken by the strength of the seven
Just do the knowledge and don't ask no questions
(I know you love the way it's goin' down)
I hit up a green light crossin' and I am passin' on the road to riches
Four-by-four ridin' over ditches
Next with the missus, hugs and kisses
The switch you missed 'cause mental friction
Irrational addiction so complex, flex
(Time to have sex) Now, ask yourself, what's next?
You love the way it's goin' down
You love the way it's goin' down

The sun will come out, but don't doubt the D (Tomorrow)
Let me see, Dinco, you can come out and play now
If you want to, only if you want me to
Or do strange dimensions of the pensions pile
Dispensers of bad fencers sensors while
(Bustin' loose) Takes over, you're mentionin' how
It came to be in '93, what you see now (How)
In the corners where you go sportin' cones
Only a lonely homely Jones'll make clones
Tone dial phone, girls grown close to testes
Jinglin' chrome press on, Leaders aren't lefties or jet skis
Or what you call your animal when your pet pees
(Woof) Fuckin' dog, what's next, G?

I know you love the way, I know you love the way
I know you love the way it's goin' down (What's Next?)

I know you love the way, I know you love the way
I know you love the way it's goin' down4Embed