Live On Live Long Lyrics
Doing it up everyday son. Word up. Still on. C.N.N. still live on what
C.N.N. live long. Live on word up. Check it. Dedicated
You know what I'm saying?

Yo Pone, I know you left and going up creek soon
You know my address God write me letters keep me in tune
I still remember when we first met
Yo it was up north, I had the Iraq flag
Your comrade with do-rag, yo Arab
Damn dun how you get caught?
Sometimes I look back and think that the shit is my fault
'Cause it was me God body had to dead that pork
I went after him and clapped him up after we fought
Then the beef got deeper than what the clique thought
Peep the bucket head leather Walley head thoroughbred
Doing this with two shorties sleeping in the same bed
So what up Pone, nigga I can't zone without you
Think about you up at night without my a-alike
Shine like broad day light to pay price
So if ya heart stop beating I'll go back in time
Make your heart beat again real niggas till the end
We try to succeed nigga smoke weed
Contemplated dedicated
To real niggas that could relate it (x2)
(C.N.N.) C.N.N. say it loud yo
(C.N.N.) C.N.N. say it proud yo (x2)

Peep the second part y'all
You like the brain I'm like the heart
Yo from day one start you on Walley Clark
Inside the park I told you Q.B.L.F.C. combine heavenly
We formulated this escalate just like a heavy key
Enough niggas slam down summers and winters
Bust a full court press our defense apply the best
Rock the A.V.X. cock pit cover my chest
Yo they bagged Pone, L. Murder everybody
Doe Boy, Real Rell, Nitty and Monte
Lebanon, Little Worm dun, Little Javon, yo remain calm
I know you Blood dun but read Qur'an
Yo collide God niggas hit Ty hard and By-God
Plus release now my clique form like the teeth now
Kill beef now make you dead like deceased now
We Avirex down to our fucking feet now
The jakes snatch my nigga Ferg up off the streets
Vatos locos, my niggas loco for dolos
Light trees up yo in the future fuck with these up
You keep my tees up my K-Tone always squeeze up
You might also like
This goes out to all my niggas locked up right now

So if ya heart stop beating I'll go back in time
Make your heart beat again real niggas till the end
We try to succeed nigga smoke weed
Contemplated dedicated
To real niggas that could relate it (x2)
(C.N.N.) C.N.N. say it loud yo
(C.N.N.) C.N.N. say it proud yo (x2)

Yo for all my people locked up, I got rock chopped up
Hold the block up until you pop up
The banks stopped up
(I don't want no more to drink man)

Yo I was raised around planets and stars
Jail bars my vernacular repertoire lust double cars
Why it seems like everyone still ends up in Green Right
By all means right you get lock it really seem like
Some get hit turn Blood and some Crip
Yo guerilla vice grip
Latin Kings ice pick
God's repping with Muslims keep Islam safe
What's your fate yo?
What do you believe what do you know?
Slow it down so reap what you sew
So really though
So if ya heart stop beating I'll go back in time
Make your heart beat again real niggas till the end
We try to succeed nigga smoke weed
Contemplated dedicated
To real niggas that could relate it (x2)
(C.N.N.) C.N.N. say it loud yo
(C.N.N.) C.N.N. say it proud yo (x2)3Embed