Stick You Lyrics


Yo, yo - you got that shit? Let me see that. (It's right here, yo)
Look - look, son! That's the second time that nigga did that, yo!
Second time! Taste that, yo! (What the fuck is this shit, yo?)
Is it getting your shit numb? Is it? (No, this shit is weak)
Yo, that's the second time son did that shit, yo
(Word, I don't wanna talk...)
Yo, fuck that yo (word up)
We're gonna go get him right now, yo, us, us, right here, yo
Us, yo, nobody else, we gonna get him, yo
(listen, listen, listen son)
 Listen, listen - Yo, we gotta map this shit out, son
We can't just be runnin' them things...
 Meet us on 160 - the nigga be on 1-5-2
And we just gonna do it on 160, we gonna get...
 Look, I'm sayin' dun, we gonna keep it real, man
(He ain't gonna do it to us again son! We gonna do it son!)
Look, I'm sayin' - you know I'm with you - you know how we get down
We could go get the nigga but we gotta map this shit out right
Cause people, I... That nigga got mad, fuckin
You know what I'm sayin' Boricua niggas runnin' with him (word?)
You know what I'm sayin'?
 They ain't gonna expect it
We gonna move it's raining son
They ain't gonna expect it right now
They ain't gonna expect it, son
 I ain't trying to have no 2-5 casualties, man
That's what I'm sayin', I want us to get in
And get the fuck out...
From 41-12, to the U.S.A. building in Iraq
My crew bust back, we're cap peelin'
You're through dealin', in a box with no feelin'
Informer type, that's what you get for squealin'
It's the money or the morgue, son, ready to die
Black Infiniti, yo, Papi, call Ki
The coke connect don't trust us, he wanna touch us
So call Russ, tell him to scoop me in the Lexus
It's all good, in the 'hood, nobody know shhh
Infrared off the roof, some ol' scope shhh
CNN, desert men, holdin' the chrome with gorilla grip
Sing Sing, straight convict
Strap the door, C-4, detonatin' shhh
Blow the spot, don't give a fuck who you go and get
We want the yayo, and the cash that's in the stash
Strip his Tommy drawers, yo, check the crack of his ass
(Yo, on some homo shhh?)
Nah, kid, we on some real shit
Since we here, we might as well get all of it
Inshallah Allahu Akbar supporter
CNN, desert men supreme order (Word)

Akasi, three and a quarter, Arab Nazi
Me and shorty from the Mecca, havin' a session
Play the Shark Bar, sippin' on French connection
On the rocks, son, hit me on the box
Time to hit the spot, regulate the whole fuckin' block
Grab the gray tape, gag his mouth, leave him for the rats
Stuck him for the yayo, couldn't get the money back
So where you at?
Meet me Uptown, by the Polo Grounds
Strapped with the vest, plus I got the 4-pound
Tell Caduece (Tell who?), bring the A.K. (Wha?)
So y'all can hold me down
Aight kiko, I'mma meet you in a hour, keep the Free-Power close
Gotta get dun, and we ghost
Met Papi in Iraq (Huh?), then winged by the back
Opened up the trunk, and threw in the big gat
Took off, threw the skully mask over the dome
We war prone, desert men tactics all shown
Met on 1-5-2, now we figure
Lookin' for that rich Dominican with that gold Ac' vigor
Chico, he got perico, little do he know
We stickin' him for all of his dough, nigga
You might also like
(Tragedy) This ain't your oridinary sh thug sh that you used to, Q.U
(Noreaga) We stick you, we supposed to
(Tragedy) Not your ordinary sh thug sh that you used to, Q.U
(Noreaga) We stick you

Yo, yo, for years, I been buyin' my coke from the same cat
Jheri Curl nigga, Dominican nigga who look Black
As I think back, transform coke to crack
Yo, amigo, him and Rico, they got Perico
Son, I know the spot, like the back of my hand
Networked the plan, we stickin' him and his man
Workin' zip-lock, pop the lock, flee the spot, grab the knot
National (Hurry up! Hurry up!)
Tell Willy come and get me on 160
I got three people with me, with trenches
We Uptown, waitin' on the benches
The cab takin' long, Dominicans comin' strong
Claimin' that it's on, from dusk 'til dawn
We right across the street, they don't see us
A-yo, our Cuban disguise, it got us lookin' like we Jesus
Inshallah, we flee the spot mega far
Jump up in Willy car, and scream "Alhumdu Allah!"
25 people lost sleep
The other 25 lost heat snitchin' and gave up Luis
Said it wasn't worth it, the CNN drug circuit
Yo, blind fold, pass the gray tape, regulate
Cowboy rope strapped to the chair, stay there
He just a power ranger that snitched on me while in danger
Noreaga, treat that ass like a stranger
Yo, yo-yo

Stick you, and him too, yeah, you and you
(Bitch ass nigga)
Got you back, got you back
We got you back, from sellin' that fake yak3Embed