Westside Slaughterhouse Lyrics
Westside!

Microphone check 1-0
From the West Coast bailer and teller, I cuss like a sailor
When you see her, she’s a goner, moved to California
Blew the bitch up, and put the gangsta twist on her
Sunny Southern Cali, it never snows
Niggas yellin' "HEY’S!" and "HO'S!" (Woooo!)
We jumpin’ outta 6-4's
When it comes to the gun play, we vets (Agh!)
It's West Coast for life; no crews, only sets
Well, it's the dog! Breathin' out the smog
I'm a hog of this gangsta shit, Don of the clique
All you suckas wanna diss the Pacific
But you busta niggas never get specific
Used to Love H.E.R., mad ‘cause we fucked a
Pussy-whipped BITCH with no Common Sense
Hip-hop started in the West!
Ice Cube bailin' through the East without a vest

Now, as I look to my riz-zight and to my left
I see motherfuckers starin' like they wanna step
So I'm grabbin' my rusty screwdriver
In case I gotta cut ya deeper than Vanessa Del Rio's vagina
Find a-nother crew of niggas who can fuck with this
Lyrical bully givin' verbal bruises to crews, fool
You must be on dick, dope and dynamite; how you figure?
Speed on before you get peed on, nigga (Yeah!)

Fool, what side is you? Red or the blue? (Who?)
Wild as the L.A. Zoo, it's round two
I ignite, grab the mic tight, strike like a rattle (Ahh!)
Bring your rhymes and 9's to the muthafuckin' battle (Woo-ooh!)
So sun-down to sun-up, run up with my gun up
All brakes get to pumpin', you know a nigga dumpin'
You dread like a Rasta when I lock like a terrier
Mack 10 — that nigga with the heat that'll bury ya
You might also like
(Oh-I, oh-I) Do a walk by, and watch everybody die
Niggas into gangs, thangs and narcotics
Freak bitches, riches, and hydraulics
Pull heat! Knock you off your feet!
Clear the whole block, both sides of the street!
Even Crips and Bloods hear my thuds
Fee fie foe fum! Ay nigga, where you from? (Westside!)

Fuck all you niggas, I'm yellin'
This is M.A.A.D. Circle to the fullest, everybody 187 (Yeah)
Toones play the piano, fuck a battle
I'm sockin' rappers like mad man Santiago (Arghh!)
‘Cause you niggas ain't impressin' me
Plus you signed to Big Red Records
So nigga, fuck whatcha tellin' me
Sit down, junior, you couldn't see me if you wanted to
Look ya'll — it's Mack 10, Cube and the "W"

Ice Cube: Westside’s on the map!
Mack 10: Niggas rappin’ since the ‘70s and still never went gold!

I just had a scrap for the neighborhood Inglewood stereotype
Gotta deal with the hype
Known to kick back with the fat sack, fuck that!
Where my gat at? These niggas trippin’ off my Bulls hat (Oooh!)
About to let loose with the chrome trey-deuce
Fire shot and I, put holes in your bandana
I push a Benz, you still rollin' G's
Nigga, miss me with that set trippin’, start slangin' keys
When I say gitchy-gitchy! Niggas get bitchy-bitchy
‘Cause they heard of the natural born murderer
I'm like Frankenstein, it's spankin' time
Layin' in the sunshine with only one nine
So who wants to bust with the never-rust?
Doin' platinum plus every time I cuss
So fuck the whole world, black! (Fuck ‘em!)
Niggas better hope I don't grow my jheri-curl back

Step up, murderer! Steppin' out a Chevrolet
Sportin' a beanie like Marvin Gaye
Stalkin', walkin' in my big black Chucks
Standin' tall in your freestyle session, holdin' my balls
I'm peepin' game like a ref in '95
‘Cause niggas be foul and bitin' other niggas' styles (Ugh!)
But if you're bitin' this, you better bring a dentist
‘Cause suckin' these balls'll give your ass lockjaw, fool (Woo-oooo!)

Which way shall I go? Nigga, what should I do?
Should I bang with the red, or should I truce with the blue?
Should I rock dope beats, and grab the mic and stay down?
Or should I shoot outta town and flip this pound?
Shiieet! I never thought that my nuts'd get bigger
Checkin' major figures, I'm hangin’ with platinum niggas
It's Mack 10 and I'm Inglewood swangin'
No time for bangin', but still got my khakis hangin'

Fuck one love! It's the bloody glove, killin' honkey hoes
Leavin' blood stains on Broncos
In a Hertz rental, I drive on the 405; is he dead or alive?
Mother-fuck court, took another snort
Jumpin' over chairs as I run through the airport
So I can catch a flight away from the drama
Number 32, chillin' in the Bahamas

Aww! Shucky Ducky, quack quack!
Niggas ain't knowin' how to act
Sucka ducks play the back
Niggas used to diss, but now it's turnin' around
And like Brandy, motherfuckers wanna be down with this
West Coast rap game, I can give a fuck
If you wasn't down at first, you can buck these nuts
Transformers get stole on (BOOM!)
Get the picture — killa Cali; home of the body bags, nigga! (Ugh!)

Ice Cube: Westside’s on the map!
Mack 10: Niggas rappin’ since the ‘70s and still never went gold!4Embed