Too Late Playa Lyrics
I'm already known (Get at her, get at her, get at her)
But I'm already known Yo (Then go on and get at her, get at her)
But I told you
I'm already known (Get at her, get at her, get at her)
If I get at her it's just too late
I'm gone (Put your back in, put your back in)

Steps on the scene, dressed G.Q
Peeping out these industries freaks wearing dresses you can see through
Hammer time, I'm ready to party
Afterwards get naughty, let's wear our Versace
You with your man, but you still looking
Looking good, and healthy like Patty Label's cook
Eye contact, and tell your man you gotta pee pee
Run free freak, a free freak can see me
Now that I gotcha baby, What's your name?
(What's up love, my name is Queen)
(Why don't you wait right here honey)
(While I go shake this busta)
No problem, handle your business and let's go
I guess he's not satisfying, she said;
"Hammer would you sign the tits so my man won't think I was lying"
PS. We on our way home, too late play I got your girl and I'm gone
Too late, too late player bye bye!
I got your girl and I'm gone
Too late, too late player bye bye!
I got your girl and I'm gone

Realize the game is staying tight (Yes)
Forever playing right, playa haters saying "He ain't right"
What's the matter (What?) no confidence within your data
I see you tripping since I first started looking at her
And if she peep, then you know she'll creep
And if you sleep, then that will be just one you won't keep (Look at cha)
Boy you know you need your ass whipped
For holding on her hand like you going on a first-grade class trip
You feel unable, to keep her in your stable
As she listens to the Crystal popping at the next table
Likes finer things, victory is mine again
You're trying to win, but got to come with better than those Heinekens (Whoo!)
I got her open about the game I be using
And now she choosing, and you gone came up as the one losing
The smooth criminal is out-muscling, grand theft hustling
Black Ceasar, he done struck again

Too late, too late player bye bye!
I got your girl and I'm gone
Too late, too late player bye bye!
I got your girl and I'm gone
You might also like
Looking delicious, blushes while I give you kisses
While I'm granting wishes, make ya boyfriend suspicious
Visits while doing dishes in your daisy duke
Handle my business in the evening, spend my days with you
If it's true that you really taken, that bonds broke
So when your men get the shit mistaken, then let him know
You might be his girl, but see you'll always be my woman
Close your eyes think of me and keep coming
Niggas be swearing that they savvy, claiming they game's cavy
Bitches be hitting switches, calling 2Pac daddy
It ain't my fault that she's sprung on me
And ain't it fun I make her cum, put her tongue on me
That's on the real homie, this is how it is when you play for keeps
If your game ain't straight, your bitch'll lay with me
And after me she'll probably fuck the next nigga too
Do I give a fuck who's number two
Long as I get mine

Too late, too late player bye bye!
I got your girl and I'm gone
Too late, too late player bye bye!
I got your girl and I'm gone

Flossing to the east don't slide, no 18's bumping
Truck stopping, sitting way too clean
It's a Friday night, so let me slide by Kristy's
Swoop up like Frisbees, too damn fresh for being MC
Sucked up game, pursued my role
And slid to a beauty never G'd before
Let's drink Crystal and hop in the pool
Conversate about the real, not big, and keep it cool
I see you smiling, girl what you smiling for?
Looking sexy with your county buck wild flow
You like R Kelly? You like what he produced through?
Well ya, I like to bump and grind too
Feel me

Conversating, not tripping where my hands at
Now she's relaxing wanna tell me how her man act
Excuse me, but do your man got my number baby
'Cause I'm up from your house with your coat, he keep on paging me
And your man, you know these digits? (What's up Nutt-so?)
You ain't nothing but her man, now ain't that wicked

It ain't nothing but a damn shame (Hello)
And it's very strange that my pager beeps the same thing

So your man, and your man must be

Trying to find clues on us and where we be

But we ain't tripping, let's give' em a call
So they can cook for us and clean up after the dogs
Feel me

Called him up, now you tell him he can come through
But he can't be up here acting a fool
After that he never heard from us

And when he arrived it read:
‘Too late player do not disturb us’

Too late, too late player bye bye!
I got your girl and I'm gone
Too late, too late player bye bye!
I got your girl and I'm goneEmbed