Second Round Knockout Lyrics
Yo, the sun gon' shine forever
All my statues and retired jerseys, I'ma live forever
Better now or never, kill Damon, my pleasure
We see you lose every year, nobody do it better
Yeah right, weak ass bars, you ain't tight
So when you spit somethin', make sure you spit it right
Don't make a ass out of yourself 'cause you're losin'
The Diesel's known for bruising, what is you doin'?
You know that I'm Hall of Fame above you, Damon
Hug you, Damon, I'ma make you love me, Damon
Talkin' crazy ain't gon' get you nothin' but smoked
Like when we see you in the Playoffs every year and you choke
So the only thing left now, kill these cats
Soft ass baller, I'ma kill these cats
Already won, I'm too smart for these cats
While you spittin' metaphors, I'm spittin' up facts
In the commission, I don't need no permission to hit him
I'ma fuck him up, even if McCollum is with him
See this lil' dude can't take defeat
He don't even believe that corny bullshit he speak
That little Kobe comment you said had me grinnin'
Three times MVP, Dame, at least I'm winnin'
First of all, little boy, you see this ain't beef
You just a pussy talkin' while I'm hittin', call it a queef
Tryna act like a superstar, in Portland, you're local
Same cadence in your last flow, switch up your vocals
I can tell in your flow that you rattle
How you a battle rapper? In your real job, you ain't win no battles
See, you rap 'cause you need to, dog, I do it for sport
When you run, I see that tampon string in your shorts
And you shoot too much, dudes on your team hate it
Keep talkin', make a phone call, get you traded
You probly chose 0 'cause you thought it was hot
You ain't hard 'cause in real life you dress like a thot
First spanking that I gave you, son, I meant to
I'm so mad, even God or Allah can't help you
Cash rules every thing around me, C.R.E.A.M
Gollum lookin' ass boy, I'm the Lord of the Rings
Clout chase, who? You? You ain't got what I want
Why would I clout chase a dude with a camel toe in the front?
I'm in your ass now, Damon, ain't gon' ever lay off
Sittin' at the desk, watch you die in the Playoffs
Things I don't need is attention and money
Attention for what? Ten commercials runnin', you dummy
Can't wait 'til you lose this year
Dr. Diesel gon' bring you in for your annual pap smear
Bring that ass over here, you can't walk away, Cletus
You gon' walk shoulders down lookin' lost and defeated
Put some respect on my name, put some respect on my game
Put some respect on these flames, I'm the big LeBron James
You can never come close to the GOAT
Barely make it every year, cry complaining 'bout them All Star votes
See, you dropped that second track in a hurry
How you gon' rest your case when I'm the motherfuckin' judge and the jury?
You said my Shaq shoes are cheap
Well, why when I walk in these bitches, boy, I can't be beat?
See, you got the millennials fooled
How you rep Oakland but went a Alameda catholic school?
Sittin' in a church, friendly casual facility
Writin' rhymes don't give your ass no street credibility
Okay, I see what you did, yo
Alameda's south of Oakland and east of San Francisco
If you were so great, they would have retired your jersey at Weber State
But they didn't 'cause they know you a fake
The world gon' see you fall
Lyrically, I'ma do to what you Rondo did to Chris Paul
I'ma leave your ass dead and stankin'
Why'd they put you low on ESPN or your Bleacher Report ranking?
Think I really care if you speak?
You just mad 'cause your whole salary, yo, I make in a week
You losin', Damon, we can see it so blatant
Dr. O'Neal operatin' on a patient
You know I got a PHD
That stand for "Put His ass Down", you nothin' but a scrub to me
We can keep this goin', keep on flowin'
Shaq is worldwide, Dame D.O.L.L.A. don't know him
What, you think I wasn't gonna respond?
Droppin' little grenades, I'm droppin' them nuclear bombs
Everybody gon' hear this ether
I don't like your ass, I don't like Charles Barkley either
Lyrically, I'm 7 foot 5 from the waist up
Tell you one more time, Dame D.O.L.L.A., shut your face up
You might also like
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
Now it's time to die
Die
Good luck this year, hahahaEmbed