Still Can’t Stop the Reign Lyrics
Ooh
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah

You can't stop it, block it when I drop it
Anytime I go rhyme for rhyme on a topic
You ain't even fit to step in Shaq's arena
I look inside your mind and I see your shook demeanour (Shook demeanour)
In your eyes, why are you surprised?
No matter how you try, not fly as Elliuqahs
The new edition, this is the end of your last night
In the day time, you couldn't see me with a flashlight
I crash flights on sights of my enemy
I'm comin' through, and then I bomb your whole vicinity
Why they actin' fakin' jacks? You're not a friend of me
I peeped your card, you're not as hard as you pretend to be
Who want to spark it with the chocolate?
Macadamia, head clean to the cranium
You know the name, Shaq aim to maintain
Money on the brain, can't stop the reign (The reign)
You can't stop the reign (You can't stop the reign, no)
When it starts to fall (When it starts to fall)
There's no one else to blame (No one else to blame) (Uh, uh, what?)
You can't lock that door (Unlock the door) ('97 catalog, what, uh?)

Uh, I speak deep with killers about million-dollar figures (What, uh?)
Blessing niggas in Ac Legends and Vigors (Uh-huh)
Cream lizards, cream Coogis, I do my duty (Uh)
As long as they fly as me and high as me
Success of my circle, try to break it, I hurt you (Uh)
Ain't no gettin' out that, I doubt that (I doubt that)
We want the exotic, erotic ladies
Not them toxic ladies that burn a lot
I learned a lot, from junkies to ruffians (Ruffians)
From being tied up by Colombians (Uh)
'Cause eighty grams was missin'
Listen, had to change my position
From wantin' to be large to head niggas in charge
My garage, call it Cee-Lo, four, fives and sixes
Honeys by the mixes (Uh), if it ain't broke don't fix it
Smoke out with Leo, Biggie Tarantino
Size like a sumo, Frank White, numero uno

Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What?), can't stop (What?), won't stop (What?)
You can't stop the reign (You can't stop the reign, no)
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?)
When it starts to fall (When it starts to fall)
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?)
There's no one else to blame (No one else to blame)
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?), can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?)
You can't lock that door (Unlock the door)
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?)
You might also like
Seven-O (Ha) towerin' inferno (Uh)
Invincible smooth individual
Who wanna test it, foreign or domestic (Uh)
No matter where you're from, I'm not the one you wanna mess with
Original, Willie style, livin' lavish
Private jets to let my shorty shop in Paris (Uh, uh, what?)
I'm not the average, I'm far from the norm (Uh, uh)
It's Daddy Long, hittin' 'em strong, keepin' you warm (Uh)

A lime to a lemon, my D.C. women
Bringin' in ten G's minimum to condos with elevators in 'em
Vehicles with televisions in 'em
Watch they entourage turn yours to just mirages
Disappearin' acts, strictly 9s and MACs
Killers be serial, Copperfield material
My dreams is vivid, work hard to live it
Any place I visit, I got land there
How can players stand there and say I sound like them? Hello
Push wigs back and push six coupes that's mellow
Bust clips that expand from hand to elbow
Spray up your Day's Inn, any telly you're in
Crack braggin', sick of braggin' how my mink be draggin'
Desert E's street sweepers inside the Beamer wagon
I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die
Put that on my diamond bezel, you're messin' with the Devil, what?
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What?), can't stop (What?), won't stop (What?)
You can't stop the reign (You can't stop the reign, no)
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?)
When it starts to fall (When it starts to fall)
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?)
There's no one else to blame (No one else to blame)
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?), can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?)
You can't lock that door (Unlock the door)
Can't stop (What?), won't stop (What, uh?)10Embed