Yardcore (Album Version) Lyrics
We sing 1 and a 2 and a 3 and 4!
Born Jamericans
About your door!

Well Jamaica is an island mi say under  the sun
And nah dey say we  born, but we heritage strong
Washington ah where we living in di heart of Babylon
Now the world can hear we yardcore song, so sing a long
Y-a-r-d c-o-r-e yardcore, the people want more!
Of the Y-a-r-d c-o-r-e yardcore, the people want more!

And a nothing less and a nothing more
People of the world want more yardcore
And a nothing old, and a nothing new
People of the world you know I'm talking to you
So, till we see that brighter day
We will always pave the way
For the core to remain the same
Even though it may not happen right away
But we know it won't be long
'Cuz the vibes are just too strong
It will endure, for sure
People of the world want more yardcore

Not an accident, just a new revelation
Yardcore movements all across the nation
Just slide and wind reggae hip hop combine
But, some of them still, can't catch my style!
Whoa... ! Who could it be... Where is it from?
Original boom lick from the Born Jamericans
So act like ya know, and move your thing in tow
Come catch we live at the next stage show
In high resolution I'm talking color quality
In 1973 me get me DJ degree
After 22 years I build my lyrical career
Yardcore is how I spend my career, you hear
You might also likeWell Jamaica is an island mi say under  the sun
And nah dey say we  born, but we heritage strong
Washington ah where we're living in di heart of Babylon
Now the world can hear we yardcore song, so sing a long
Y-a-r-d c-o-r-e yardcore, the people want more!
Of the Y-a-r-d c-o-r-e yardcore, the people want more!

And a nothing less and a nothing more
People of the world want more yardcore
And a nothing old, and a nothing new
People of the world you know I'm talking to you
So, does it seem that far away
'Till we see that shining day
'Cuz every now and then
You can hear some real reggae music getting some air play
But we know it won't be long
'Cuz our vibes are just too strong
It will endure for sure
People of the world want more yardcore

We have a mission to uphold with our musical souls
Pushing the maximum vibes, let them all behold
Movement from the rebels moving to another level
'Cuz some of them still need to cease and seckle
Swinger singer Edley Shine again, Hey
Feeling lucky come and make my day, Okay
Forrest Hills is the zone, but it will never be home
'Cuz the essence is in J. A.,
And wha' me say
Jamaica is an island under the the sun
On it's depths we are born, but we're everything strong
Washington is where we're living are the north of Babylon
Now the world can hear the yardcore song, so sing a long
Y-a-r-d c-o-r-e yardcore, the people want more!
Of the Y-a-r-d c-o-r-e yardcore, the people want more!

It's all about giving people more than what they've bargained for
To keep them rocking on from dust till dawn
On and on the dance floor
I said Yardcore
It is something more
It is something more
From shore to shore

If you is a dancehall fan
I beg you push up your hands
Cuz we will always maintain di yard born tradition
But some of them feel, they say the culture we steal
For cross-over appeal, you don't know the deal
Y-a-r-d c-o-r-e yardcore, the people want more!
Of the Y-a-r-d c-o-r-e yardcore, the people want more!Embed