My Girl Josephine LyricsHello Josephine, how do you do?
Do you remember me my baby, like I remember you?
You used to laugh at me and holler woo, woo, woo
Hello baby, over here is near and over there is far
Come on over, baby and get ya closer to the bar
She's wiggling and she's giggling and she's moving with the star
Outside baby girl and that's a brand new Chevy car
I get it from my granddaddy who returned home from the war
He give the Dapper his old green helmet and his chipped up SLR
His gold pocket watch and a box of Cuban Cigars
He gives me the key and says son go and make yourself a star
So the loving I have to offer baby is what you're looking for
Come over Josephine you want to see the super star
For the longest time my baby is you ah really searching for
Josephine! Josephine! Josephine!
Hello Josephine, how do you do?
Do you remember me my baby, like I remember you?
Now you used to cry so much, it was a crying shame
Alright
Hello baby, tell me why you keeping me so far
If you had a new lover, you and the Dapper used to spar
Candlelight at dinner, having shark and caviar
I heard his name is Radics, when we buck then it's a war
And all your friends are saying he's a London Super Star
Josephine! Josephine! Josephine!
Hello Josephine, how do you do?
Do you remember me my baby, like I remember you?
You used to cry so much, it's a crying shame
Hello baby, over here is near and over there is far
Come on over, honey get closer to the bar
She's wiggling and she's jiggling and she's chilling with the star
Outside honey girl an' that's my brand new prestige car
I get it from my granddaddy return home from the war
He gives the Dapper his old green helmet and his chipped up SLR
You might also likeHis gold pocket watch and a box of Cuban cigars
He gives me the keys and says son go and make yourself a super star
The loving that I have to offer is what you're looking for
So baby, why you treat me like an old Armour car?
After all the loving that you give me down in Savalamar
Josephine! Josephine! Josephine!
Hello Josephine, how do you do?
Do you remember me my baby, like I remember you?
You used to laugh at me and holler woo, woo, woo
Whoa, now
I mean Josie, Josie, Jo
Josephine! Josie, Josie
Josie, Jo-Jo-Josephine!
Josephine!
Whoa, I remember you
Do you remember me?Embed