Cross the Border (J.B.M. Remix) Lyrics
Uh-huh
Yeah, yeah
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Yeah

You wanna cross the border? (Yeah, uh-huh)
Well, come on, baby (That M shit)
You wanna cross the border?
Well, come on, baby (Yo, there it go)
They call me A.J., a.k.a. Ant Jones
And ayy, that AK tear bones, homes
Seldomly ever talk over cell phones
Or chase dudes, I choke 'em like bass tubes (Ugh)
Every whip, every bitch, every leather coat (Ugh)
Since '88 to right now, I was never broke
Back then, I was V'd up (Ugh)
With a nut cup, problem with the price, nigga? See Buck
Never waiting in line, nigga, I bump (Ugh)
Pay everybody shit just to get to the front
Young, did I mention 21?
With more houses that sell than Century Twenty One?
Cops respect 'cause they know we big
And ain't lock us up for bodies that they know we did
That M shit clean you out like ammonia
Imagine '89, fucking Appolonia

Last name, Robinson; first name, Stacy
I was getting Cagney high and getting head from Lacy
'88 graffiti, chicks was still macing
I was a mllionaire when Rick James was freebasing
I paved the way, showed ballers how to ride today
I chopped the roof off my ride that day
Imagine all the hate I made
Used to have to pull my sun visor down for shade on cloudy days
They would shoot up my cars
I would just slide back through with new rims and a paint job
Flamboyant like a gold 190
With a side panel reading, I want you to find me, come on
I sold that Knight Rider, and it came with a kit
When you put the shit in the needle and hit it, that was it
'Ron... ahem, heroin, excuse me ya'll
I’m from Virginia with a Southern drawl, don't mind me
You might also like
See, it's lil' Bucky—my jewels? Husky
Connects like broads, I fuck 'em, but they don't fuck me
Who owe me money in the streets tryn' duck me?
Wigs get split like bananas, trust me
Keep it butter, call me "Land 'O' Lakes"
Got more crack on the streets than Cali after earthquakes
Southwest gon' vouch for this
Our teams trade off nicks like Ewing and the draft pick
Easy money, that was all in '89 (Ugh)
Locked down every block, made all gravy mines
Gucci slides cost 325
I, pulled up in the 325-I, ugh
And A.J. bought a Joe-Paul-Mary
Silk shirts, his gators was blueberry
And this the shit OGs used to do
Scoop every young boy and treat 'em to City Blue

It's like y'all don't know beatbox, I was O.T. at 12
Given a half at 6, a O-Z at 12
Ain't nobody come near the minor
That was running spots in both North and South Carolina
By '90, I was already a crack legend
Pulling up a year early in a brown Ac' Legend
I ain't cop from uptown, I re'd by the shores
And I could go a month straight in Fila Valores
The way I used to equip with my features
I was coming to junior high school in better whips than the teachers
'Bout my paper, I ain't even think 'bout the chicks
But I kept everything Gucci, from my link to my kicks
Beatbox Mike, I learned to cook as a child
Got knocked for attempt, the best lawyers looked at my trial
Got five at eighteen, I took it and smiled
Came home in '92 and flooded Brooklyn with vials, I'm back!
You wanna cross the border?
Well, come on, baby
You wanna cross the border?
Well, come on, baby
You wanna cross the border?
Well, come on, baby
You wanna cross the border?
Well, come on, babyEmbed